1. Connect the everything but servo and motor, check that
   serial output works. Note that in the current revision, switches
   1&2 have to be activated or disconnected to flash the controller.
   This will be fixed in the next rev.
2. Check if the binary key indicator in the serial terminal outputs
   the correct values. If the order is messed up, fix it by either
   resoldering the connections or adjusting the definitions in the
   config section. Note that 2 of the switches are placed on PORTB
   when adapting this configuration. After that, if you are using
   LEDs, you can adjust their order at the variable on line 253.
3. Choose a zero position on one of the sides.
4. Turn off power, connect motor, Turn on power.
5. Choose the slider direction so it will move to your prefered
   side while initializing by uncommenting SLIDER_REVERSE if
   necessary. 
6. If necessary, swap the encoder direction by uncommenting 
   ENCODER_REVERSE, so the position index is positive when moving
   away from zero position
7. Disconnect the slider motor after a successfull init cycle w/o 
   disconnecting power
8. Move up the servo manually so you can position it exactly where
   the switches are
9. manually move the slider to the switches, set the #define POSn
   to the position values from the serial terminal
   Also set the POSLIMIT defines to the positions where the lid
   ends.
10. Adjust the output voltage of the buckboost to get a reasonable
    movement speed of the slider.
11. Adjust the PID defines, so the slider moves fast, precise, but
    without oscillation (check general guides for adjusting PID
    controllers if necessary)
12. With servo output voltage around 4V, adjust the SERVO_ defines.
    While IDLE, the servo should stay completely within the machine.
    While HOLD, the lid should be kept open.
    WHILE TOG, the switch should be toggled.
13. If the servo does not always toggle but keeps its HOLD position, 
    it usually means that either PID_KP is too low or POSTOL is too
    small. POSTOL must be kept rather small to avoid missing the
    switch.
